"message"
"How can we help you today?"
"Incorrect registered mobile number."
"You do not have any sanctioned loans, as of now. How else can we help you?"
"Invalid loan number."
"Invalid loan amount."
"Incorrect disbursement date."
"Your E.M.I. Date is, {emiDueDate}. Would you like to know more details of this loan?"
"Great! you do not have any pending E.M.I. at present. How else can we help you?"
"Speak after the beep"
"Your loan amount is, {loanAmount}. Would you like to know more details of this loan?"
"Your loan maturity date is, {maturityDate}. Would you like to know more details of this loan?"
"Your loan disbursal date is, {disbursalDate}. Would you like to know more details of this loan?"
"Thank you. How else can we help you?"
"Thank you. How else can we help you?"
"Thank you. How else can we help you?"
"You have multiple loans, with that amount. Could you please mention, the loan disbursement date?"
"Incorrect OTP. Please try again."
"Thank you, it was a pleasure helping you."
"Alright. No problem. How else can we help you?"
"Please tell me, I am listening."
"Could you please mention, the loan disbursement date?"
"Could you please mention, the loan amount?"
"Sorry, we are facing some technical issues."
"You have multiple loans, with the same disbursement date."
"Sorry, we did not understand you. Could you please say that again?"
"Incorrect OTP. Please try again."
"Sorry, this facility is not available. How else can we help you?"
"A new OTP has been sent, to your registered mobile number, ending with, 3085. Please mention the OTP."
"Your E.M.I. was, {emiAmount}. You have no pending E.M.I. Your loan amount is, {loanAmount}, which you have taken through, {loanSource}, and the maturity date is, {maturityDate}. Your loan number ends with, {loanNumber}. Should I repeat the information?"
"Dear customer, now you can make payment, using your loan app, or you can use our chat bot service. To use our chat bot service, just visit our website, www dot dmifinance dot in, and click on hello dmi tab. You can also make payment, using any payment gateway, like paytm, etcetera. We will also SMS you the video link about different modes of payment, please watch it. How else can we help you?"
"Your next E.M.I. amount is {emiAmount}. Your loan maturity date is {maturityDate}, for the loan which you have taken from {loanSource}, on {disbursalDate}. Should I repeat the information?"
"Your next E.M.I. amount of {emiAmount}, will be due on {emiDueDate}. Your loan maturity date is {maturityDate}, for the loan which you have taken from {loanSource}, on {disbursalDate}. Should I repeat the information?"
"We do not finance directly to customers, at present. We can see that, you have taken a previous loan from, who is one of our channel partners. We request you, to please get in touch with, for a new loan. How else can we help you?"
"We do not finance, directly to customers at present. We can see that, you have taken a previous loan from, {leadSource}, who is one of our channel partners. We request you, to please get in touch with, {leadSource} for a loan topup. How else can we help you?"
"Your next E.M.I. amount is, {emiAmount}. Would you like to know more details of this loan?"
"You have taken multiple loans from D M I. We will be able to help you with, one loan detail at a time. Please mention the last 4 digits, of the loan number, which you want to inquire about."
"You have taken multiple loans from D M I. We will be able to help you with, one loan detail at a time. Please mention the last 4 digits, of the loan number, which you want to inquire about."
"Dear customer, kindly try after 1 hour, or for further assistance, we request you to visit the nearest service centre. How else can we help you?"
"Dear customer, we are sending you the welcome letter, on your registered email ID, and also sending you a link via SMS, through which you can access and download this document. How else can we help you?"
"Sorry for the inconvenience."
"Good morning,"
"Good afternoon,"
"Good evening,"
"Hello,"
"Sorry, we will not be able to address this query. For further assistance, we request you to visit the nearest service centre. How else can we help you?"
"Sorry, we will not be able to address this query. For further assistance, we request you to visit the nearest service centre. How else can we help you?"
"Sorry, we will not be able to address this query. For further assistance, we request you to visit the nearest service centre. How else can we help you?"
"Sorry, we will not be able to address this query. For further assistance, we request you to visit the nearest service centre. How else can we help you?"
"Your loan amount was, {loanAmount}. How else can we help you?"
"Sorry, we will not be able to address this query. For further assistance, we request you to visit the nearest service centre. How else can we help you?"
"Sorry, we will not be able to address this query. For further assistance, we request you to visit the nearest service centre. How else can we help you?"
"Please mention the valid Loan number."
"Please mention the last four digits of your Aadhar number, for verification."
"Please mention only the digits of your PAN, for verification."
"Please mention your valid PAN number."
"Please mention your valid Email address."
"Please mention your valid Aadhar number."
"Please mention your Email address, for verification."
"Please mention the last four digits of your Aadhar number, for verification."
"Aadhar number provided by you, is incorrect. For further verification, please mention your registered Email ID."
"Dear Customer, If you want to remove Samsung plus app from your handset, then please follow the procedure which we are going to tell you now. Click on the Settings option of your handset, and select the Biometric option. Now you will get the Other Security Setting option, select it. After this, select the Device Admin app, and then select Samsung application options. Here you will get the option of deactivate, select it. Just restart your phone now, the application will be removed from your phone. Should I repeat the information?"
"Please mention the last four digits of the loan number, starting with DMI, for verification."
"We were not able to verify your PAN, after maximum attempts. To proceed further, please mention the last four digits of your Aadhar number, for verification."
"Sorry, you have not registered for the auto-debit facility. Please connect with the channel partner, to place a request for the same. How else can we help you?"
"Sorry, we will not be able to address this query. For further assistance, we request you to visit the nearest service centre. How else can we help you?"
"Sorry, we will not be able to address this query. For further assistance, we request you to visit the nearest service centre. How else can we help you?"
"Your loan tenure is of, {loanTenure} month. Would you like to know more details of this loan?"
"Sorry, your loan account which ends with, {loanNumber}, is not eligible for fore-closure. Please check again after the next E.M.I. payment. How else can we help you?"
"Your Outstanding Principal amount is, {outstandingPrincipal}. Would you like to know more details of this loan?"
"Your Pre-closure amount is, {preclosureChargedAmount}. Would you like to know more details of this loan?"
"Loan tenure for your matured loan was, {loanTenure} months. How else can we help you?"
"To process your request further."
"Dear customer, to help you out further, we would like to know, have you changed your SIM, or ported to another operator, or upgraded the software of your handset?"
"Your loan tenure is of, {loanTenure} months. Would you like to know more details of this loan?"
"Part payment is not acceptable as of now. Your due amount is, {dueAmount}. We request you to please pay your current out standing amount. How else can we help you?"
"Part payment is not acceptable as of now. Your due amount is, {dueAmount}. How else can we help you?"
"Your account is not eligible for NOC, because, you still have pending E.M.I. How else can we help you?"
"Please mention your valid PAN number."
"Please mention your valid Aadhar number."
"Please mention your valid Email address."
"Please mention the valid Loan number."
"Dear customer, we are sending you the NOC, on your registered email ID, and also sending you a link via SMS, through which you can access and download this document. How else can we help you?"
"Sorry, we do not have your loan maturity date information, in our records. How else can we help you?"
"Dear customer, you are registered for the auto E.M.I. deduction facility. Your loan E.M.I. will be deducted on the due date, from your bank account. How else can we help you?"
"You are eligible for the NOC. Do you want the NOC for the account number, ending with {loanNumber}?"
"Your account is matured, there is no outstanding dues against given loan account. How else can we help you?"
"As per our records, there is no outstanding E.M.I. due for this loan ID. However, {dueAmount} amount is due for payment as charges. How else can we help you?"
"Your loan account is already matured. Sorry, we are not able to find maturity date of your loan in our system. Would you like to know more details of this loan?"
"Your loan account is already matured on, {maturityDate}. Would you like to know more details of this loan?"
"Your loan was disbursed on, {disbursalDate}. How else can we help you?"
"We would like to inform you that, we are not able to track any E.M.I. due for given loan ID. How else can we help you?"
"Your loan account is already Matured, for which your E.M.I. was {emiAmount}. Your loan tenure was of, {loanTenure} months, which is closed now. How else can we help you?"
"We would like to inform you that, there is no principal outstanding due against given loan account. How else can we help you?"
"Your given loan account is in closed status. How else can we help you?"
"Welcome letter no data"
"Rupees"
"Paise"
"Thank you. How else can we help you?"
"Sorry, we are not able to find, any of your past E.M.I. payments in our system. How else can we help you?"
"Thank you. How else can we help you?"
"Your loan account is eligible for fore-closure. Do you want to proceed with the fore-closure process, for the loan account number ending with, {loanNumber}?"
"Your next E.M.I. amount of {emiAmount} will be due on {emiDueDate}. Should I repeat the information?"
"We would like to inform you that, there is no principal outstanding due against given loan account. However, {dueAmount} is due for payment as changes. How else can we help you?"
"The loan account shared by you is already closed. How else can we help you?"
"Your interest rate for the loan number ending with {loanNumber} is {interestRate} %. How else can we help you?"
"Your channel partner is, {partnerName}. How else can we help you?"
"Sorry, we do not have, your {serviceType} information, in our records. How else can we help you?"
"Please mention the valid date of birth."
"Let us help you, by connecting to our customer care executive. Please wait, while we transfer your call."
"Please mention your valid loan ID."
"Please mention the valid digits of your PAN, followed by the last four digits of your Aadhar number."
"Your E.M.I. was, {emiAmount}. You have no pending E.M.I. Your loan amount is, {loanAmount}, which you have taken through, {loanSource}. Your loan number ends with, {loanNumber}, and your disbursal date is, {disbursalDate}. Should I repeat the information?"
"Please mention your date of birth, for verification, in the format of D D, M M, and Y Y Y Y. For example, if your date of birth is 12th November 1984, then please enter, 12 11 1984."
"Your next E.M.I. amount is {emiAmount}. Should I repeat the information?"
"Aadhar number provided by you, is incorrect. For further verification, please mention your date of birth, in the format of day, month and year. For example, 12 11 1984."
"Dear customer, we request you to please connect with the same dealer for resolution of your query. How else can we help you?"
"Your E.M.I. amount is, {emiAmount}, which you have to pay on {emiDueDate}. Would you like to know more details of this loan?"
"If you want to talk to our Customer Service Officer, please press 9."
"Please give us a chance to help you."
"Thank you for letting us assist you. How can we help you today?"
"We do not provide finance directly to customers, at present. For any further assistance on this, please check your Samsung app, or contact your Samsung dealer. How else can we help you?"
"We were not able to verify your registered mobile number. To proceed further, please provide your loan ID, for verification."
"Dear caller, we are unable to verify you, as an active customer of DMI finance. You can call us back after some time. Or alternatively you can reach out to us, through our chatbot service available on our website. Or write to us, on customer care @ d m i finance dot in. Thank you."
"Thank you. How else can we help you?"
"Currently, this bot does not provide the service requested by you. You can ask me about your next EMI details."
"Sorry, we will not be able to address this query. For further assistance, we request you to visit the nearest service centre. How else can we help you?"
"You have multiple loans, with the same amount, and disbursement date."
"Sorry, we can not proceed without registered mobile number."
"Sorry for the inconvenience."
"Looks like you are facing some problem."
"We did not find any loans, with the given information."
"Looks like you are facing some problem."
"Sorry, we are facing some technical issues."
"To process your request further."
"After the beep, please tell the mobile number, which you have shared while taking loan."
"We were not able to verify your loan ID, after maximum attempts. To proceed further, please mention only the digits of your PAN, followed by the last four digits of your Aadhar number, for verification."
"Do you want the account statement for the account number, ending with {loanNumber}?"
"Dear customer, we are sending you the account statement, on your registered email ID, and also sending you a link via SMS, through which you can access and download this document. How else can we help you?"
"We can only respond to queries on your next E.M.I."
"We were not able to verify your OTP, after maximum attempts. To proceed further, please mention the last four digits of your Aadhar number, for verification."
"We were not able to verify your PAN, after maximum attempts. To proceed further, please mention the last four digits of the loan number, starting with DMI, for verification."
"We were not able to verify your AADHAR, after maximum attempts. To proceed further, please mention the last four digits of the loan number, starting with DMI, for verification."
"Dear caller, we are unable to verify you, as an active customer of DMI finance. You can call us back after some time. Or alternatively you can reach out to us, through our chatbot service available on our website. Or write to us, on customer care @ d m i finance dot in. Thank you."
"Dear customer, if you have not changed your SIM, or have not ported your mobile number, and your handset is locked. We are refreshing few settings from our end. Kindly switch off your handset, and then switch it on again. Your handset will be unlocked. How else can we help you?"
"We were not able to verify your date of birth, after maximum attempts. To proceed further, please mention the last four digits of the loan number, starting with DMI, for verification."
"We are not able to understand your query."
"We were not able to verify your PAN, after maximum attempts. To proceed further, please mention your date of birth, for verification, in the format of day, month and year. For example, 12 11 1984."
" Your E.M.I. is, {emiAmount}. Your upcoming E.M.I. date is, {emiDueDate}. Your loan amount is, {loanAmount}, which you have taken through, {loanSource}. Your loan number ends with, {loanNumber},  and your disbursal date is, {disbursalDate}. Should I repeat the information?"
"Your E.M.I. is, {emiAmount}. Your upcoming E.M.I. date is, {emiDueDate}. Your loan amount is, {loanAmount}, which you have taken through, {loanSource}, and the maturity date is, {maturityDate}. Your loan number ends with, {loanNumber}. Should I repeat the information?"
"Thank you, for verifying your PAN. Please mention the last four digits of your Aadhar number, for verification."
"We were not able to verify your OTP, after maximum attempts. To proceed further, please mention only the digits of your PAN, for verification."
"Your till date due amount is, {dueAmount}. We request you to kindly pay same immediately. You can pay this amount through, chatbot, or customer portal available on our website."
"Thank you, for verifying your Aadhar. Please mention your date of birth, for verification, in the format of day, month and year. For example, 12 11 1984."
"Thank you, for verifying your date of birth. Please mention the last four digits of the loan number, starting with DMI, for verification."
"We would like to inform you that, your till date due amount is, {dueAmount}. We request you to kindly pay same immediately. You can pay this amount through, chatbot, or customer portal available on our website. How can we help you today?"
"Thank you, for verifying your PAN. Please mention your date of birth, for verification, in the format of day, month and year. For example, 12 11 1984."
"Thank you, for verifying your PAN. Please mention the last four digits of the loan number, starting with DMI, for verification."
"Thank you, for verifying your Aadhar. Please mention the last four digits of the loan number, starting with DMI, for verification."
"We are going to give you the details of your loan. Please note."
"Dear customer, we would like to inform you that, your handset is locked, as you have an outstanding due of  {dueAmount}. We are unlocking your handset, as one time gesture from our end, for next 48 hrs. We request you, to kindly pay total outstanding within this time, to avoid phone locking again. You can pay this amount through, chatbot, or customer portal available on our website."
"Thank you. We have sent you a secure link on your registered E mail. Please click on it to begin your Visual IVR session."
"Dear customer, Please tell your registerd mobile number, after the beep."
"There is a waiting time to talk to our agent.  If you do not want to wait, we can set up a quick Visual IVR session to get your query answered. Say Yes  to  receive the link  to your  registered Email address to start your Visual IVR session.  Say No to  hold to talk to our agent."
"Dear customer, we have sent a 5 digit OTP, on the mobile number which you have entered, to verify that we are talking to our registered customer only. We confirm that, shared OTP will not be used for any other transactions. Please mention the OTP."
"We tried transferring your call, but it seems that all our customer service executives are busy serving other customers. Please call back latter."
"You are already registered for an auto debit facility. Your E.M.I. amount will be deducted from your bank account, by 8th of every month, and will be updated in your loan account, within 3 working days. How else can we help you?"
"Dear customer, we would like to inform you that, your handset is locked, as you have an outstanding due of {dueAmount}. You can pay this amount through, chatbot, or customer portal available on our website. Once you will make the payment, it will be updated in 72 hrs in your loan account, and your handset will be unlocked. How else can we help you?"
"As you are an esteemed customer of DMI, with good payment history. We are offering you, a personal loan of Rs 50,000. You can aquire this loan, from the Samsung Finance app on your phone. A link for the same had been shared with you. Have you initiated the process using the same link? "
"We can see that, there is an amount of, {dueAmount} , which is not paid. Please clear the due amount, in order to unlock your phone. You can pay this amount through, chatbot, or customer portal available on our website. For your help, we have sent you a SMS on your phone number. How else can we help you?"
"To process your request further."
"Dear customer, we have received the payment of {totalAmount} on {paymentDate}. Please note, If there is any other deduction from your account, it may take up to 72 hours, to reflect in your loan account, subject to payment clearance. Thank you. How else can we help you?"
"Dear customer, if you want to change your SIM, or your handset is locked, while you were changing your SIM. We request you to kindly follow the procedure. Please remove SIM from slot one, as well as from slot two. Then insert the SIM that you want to register with your account, in slot one, and keep slot two empty for now. You will get an option to update SIM, on your handset screen, please tap on same. Now you will receive an OTP, to register your new SIM. Kindly enter the OTP. Once you enter the OTP, your handset will show a timer for 4 hours. Your handset will be unlocked, once this timer is completed. Please ensure, your handset is connected to the internet, all this while, else, you might need to repeat this procedure again. How else can we help you?"
"Dear customer, as we have told you, we are refreshing your handset settings from our end. Kindly restart your handset, it will start working. How else can we help you?"
"Dear customer, as we have informed you, we have unlocked your phone for 48 hours. Please pay the due amount of, {dueAmount}, within this period, else your phone will be locked again. You can pay this amount through, chatbot, or customer portal available on our website."
"Dear customer, we have received the payment of {emiAmount} on {paymentDate}. Please note, If there is any other deduction from your account, it may take up to 72 hours, to reflect in your loan account, subject to payment clearance. Thank you. How else can we help you?"
"Dear Customer, an extra amount of {totalPenalDue} has been incurred to you because, you have a total penal due amount which is yet to be paid. How else can we help you?"
"Dear Customer, an extra amount of {emiAmount} has been incurred to you because, you have an E.M.I. amount which is yet to be paid. How else can we help you?"
"Ohh! no problem. Can you please start the process again. If the issue persists, please select Samsung Finance app, click on settings, share logs, and send to the tech team through app. Our technical team will reach out to you, in a short span of time. How else can we help you?"
"Can you please suggest a time when I can call you again?"
"Dear customer, now you can make payment, using your loan app, or you can use our chat bot service. To use our chat bot service, just visit our website, www dot dmifinance dot in, and click on hello dmi tab. You can also make payment, using any payment gateway, like paytm, etcetera. We will also SMS you the video link about different modes of payment, please watch it. How else can we help you?"
"Dear customer, we have received the payment of {excessPayment} on {paymentDate}. Please note, If there is any other deduction from your account, it may take up to 72 hours, to reflect in your loan account, subject to payment clearance. Thank you. How else can we help you?"
"Dear customer, we have received the payment of {emiAmount} on {paymentDate}, which was due against your monthly E.M.I. Please note, If there is any other deduction from your account, it may take up to 72 hours, to reflect in your loan account, subject to payment clearance. Thank you. How else can we help you?"
"Sorry, we are not able to find maturity date of your loan in our system. Would you like to know more details of this loan?"
"Loan tenure for your loan was, {loanTenure} months. How else can we help you?"
"Dear customer, you have called us during our non-operational hours, due to which, we will not be able to transfer your call, to our customer care executive. We request you to call us back, tomorrow morning after 9:00 AM."
"We were not able to verify your OTP, after maximum attempts. To proceed further, please mention your date of birth, for verification, in the format of D D, M M, and Y Y Y Y. For example, if your date of birth is 12th November 1984, then please enter, 12 11 1984."
"Dear customer, due to some technical difficulty, we are not able to process your request. We request you, to kindly call us back after sometime."
"Thank you, for verifying your date of birth. Please mention the last four digits of your Aadhar number, for verification."
"We were not able to verify your Aadhar, after maximum attempts. To proceed further, please mention the last four digits of the loan number, starting with DMI, for verification."
"We were not able to verify your date of birth, after maximum attempts. To proceed further, please mention only the digits of your PAN, for verification."
"We were not able to verify your date of birth, after maximum attempts. To proceed further, please mention the last four digits of your Aadhar number, for verification."
"Thank you, for verifying your date of birth. Please mention only the digits of your PAN, for verification."
"Part payment is not acceptable as of now. How else can we help you?"
"Dear customer, as payment cycle is in progress, we cannot process your request for fore-closure. We request you, to kindly contact us after 8th of this month. How else can we help you?"
"Your loan number is, {loanNumber}. How else can we help you?"
"Dear customer, we have unlocked your phone for 48 hours, just now. Please pay the due amount within this period, else your phone will be locked again. You can pay this amount through, chatbot, or customer portal available on our website."
"Dear customer, we have unlocked your handset a few days back, by giving a waiver for 48 hrs. As per our records, there is still an outstanding due amount of, {dueAmount}, against your loan. We request you to kindly pay the same. You can pay this amount through, chatbot, or customer portal available on our website. We have also just sent a payment link, using which you can make the payment, which will be valid for the next 24 hrs."
"I understood the problem. To resolve this issue, please ensure, you have a stable internet connection. Please do not wear mask, and use proper white background, while taking the selfie. I am sure that, issue will be resolved. How else can we help you?"
"May I know, what is the issue you are facing, in completing the loan process?"
"Can you please suggest a time, when I can call you again?"
"Dear customer, this is a pre-approved loan, purely based on your credit profile. The loan amount cannot be changed this time, but we assure you, of more flexible options in future. How else can we help you?"
"Your E.M.I. amount is, {emiAmount}. How else can we help you?"
"Your bounce due amount is, {totalBounceDue}."
"Your penal due amount is, {totalPenalDue}."
"How else can we help you?"
"We are calling from DMI finance, on be-half of Samsung. We want to thank you, for your interest shown for personal loan offer of Rs XXXX, but unfortunately you were not able to complete the process. We would like to help you, in completing the process. Please say 'Yes' to proceed further."
"Thank you, for giving your valuable time to DMI finance."
"Dear customer, this is a pre-approved loan, purely based on your credit profile, which has been excellent so far. The rate of interest may seem high, but we assure you that, our prices are competitive to market standards. How else can we help you? "
"Dear customer, may I know the reason, for not acquiring this loan?"
"Would you like us to reach out to you, with such offers in future?"
"Thank you, for confirming the date of payment, which is, {promiseDate}. Please make the payment within this time. How else can we help you?"
"Wonderfull! Just after this call we will send you a link from XXXX. Please click on this link complete the KYC process and upload the documents to see view offer details. If you proceeed further the loan amout will be credited in your account within next 48 hours. How else can we help you?"
"Can you please suggest a time, when I can call you again?"
"Dear customer, may I know the reason for not acquiring this loan?"
"Would you like us to reach out to you, with such offers in the future?"
"we are calling from DMI finance on behalf of Samsung. As you are one of the esteemed customer of DMI finance,we have special offer for you with even better rate of interest and other special benefits. Please as 'Yes' in case you wish to know more details of this offer?"
"To proceed further, please confirm the date of payment for due amount. For example, if you can pay in 2 days, then please say, 2 days."
"Kindly confirm, by when, you will be able to make this payment? For example, if you can pay in 2 days, then please say, 2 days."
"Thank you, for confirming the date of payment, which is, {promiseDate}. Your phone has been unlocked for next 48 hours. Please make the payment within this time. How else can we help you?"
"Dear customer, we have unlocked your handset a few days back, by giving a waiver for 48 hrs. How else can we help you?"
"Dear customer,if the NACH status was updated for your previous loan the EMI will be deducted automatically, Otherwise you can make payment, using your partner's app, or use our chat bot service. To use our chat bot service, just visit our website www dot dmifinance dot in, and click on hello dmi tab. You can also make payment using any payment gateway like paytm, etcetera. We will SMS you the video link about different modes of payment, please watch it. How else can we help you?"
"Dear customer, currently the loan tenure cannot be changed as it is pre-approved but you can pay back the loan amount within 6 months. How else can we help you? "
"Dear customer EMI due dates are standard for all Samsung loans. For example If the loan is disbursed before 20th of September, then the EMI will hit before 5th of October. If the Loan is disbursed post 20th of September month then the EMI will hit before 5th of November and continue before 5th of eery month. How else can we help you? "
"Dear customer, if an extra amount has been debited from your account, then it will be adjusted in your next E.M.I. How else can we help you?"
"Dear customer, we have received the payment of {emiAmount} and {excessPayment} on {paymentDate}. Please note, If there is any other deduction from your account, it may take up to 72 hours, to reflect in your loan account, subject to payment clearance. Thank you. How else can we help you?"
"Dear customer, as you have put our call on hold, we will not be able to help you further. Please call back after some time."
"Your E.M.I. was {emiAmount}. Your loan tenure was of, {loanTenure} months, which is closed now. How else can we help you?"
"I understand that emi amount seems high but it is based on your credit profile as per the company policy, hence the EMI is determined accordingly, however here no hassles of sending any physical documents and the loan amount will be credited within 48 hours. How else can we help you? "
"Dear customer This is a pre-approved loan of XXXX rupees, purely based on your credit profile. How else can we help you? "
"There is no outstanding dues against given loan account. How else can we help you?"
"Your maturity date was {maturityDate}. Would you like to know more details of this loan?"
"Let us help you, by connecting to our customer care executive. Please wait, while we transfer your call."
"DMI Finance wishes you, a very Happy Birthday, and a great year ahead. May all your wishes come true."
"I apologise for the inconvenience caused. To resolve this issue I request you to send the logs to our tech team. For doing so you just have to open the Samsung Finance app, go to the help menu and submit logs. The issue will be resolved shortly and you can check back on the link within 24 to 48 hours and proceed with the loan process again. How else can we help you? "
"I apologise for the inconvenience caused. To resolve this issue I request you to send the logs to our tech team. For doing so you just have to open the Samsung Finance app, go to the help menu and submit logs. The issue will be resolved shortly and you can check back on the link within 24 to 48 hours and proceed with the loan process again. How else can we help you? "
"Dear Customer, an extra amount of {totalDueAmount} has been incurred to you because, you have a total due amount which is yet to be paid. How else can we help you?"
"Dear Customer, an extra amount of {totalBounceDue} has been incurred to you because, you have a total bounce due amount which is yet to be paid. How else can we help you?"
"Dear Customer, please contact your loaning partner, regarding un-linking or un-registering your bank account from auto-debit feature. How else can we help you?"
"As per our records the DOB is same as the one you told just now which is DD/MM/YYYY. To proceed with the same date please say NO, else if you wish to correct the Input, say re-enter the DOB."
"May I know the concern, regarding which, you are willing to talk to our customer care executive?"
"I will escalate this issue to our technical team and the issue will be resolved shortly. You can check back on the link within 24 to 48 hours and proceed with the loan process again. How else can we help you?"
"HI, XXXX rupees are the charges levied by the company for processing the documents. How else can we help you?"
"I understand your concern, can you tell me your actual DOB so that I can check it in our records."
"As per our records the DOB is different than the one you told just now is DD/MM/YYYY. To proceed please say yes, else if you wish to correct the Input, say re-enter the DOB."
"Thank you. How else can we help you?"
"How else can I help you?"
"Dear customer, we are sending you a link via SMS, through which you can access and download your account statement. How else can we help you?"
"Dear customer, we are sending you a link via SMS, through which you can access and download your NOC. How else can we help you?"
"Dear customer, we are sending you a link via SMS, through which you can access and download your welcome letter. How else can we help you?"
"Thanks for your confirmation. Please pay before the validity of the payment link expires. How can we help you today?"
"Thanks for your confirmation. Your phone has been unlocked for next 48 hours. Please pay before the validity of the payment link expires. How can we help you today?"
"To proceed further, with unlocking request, kindly confirm, by when, you will be able to make this payment? For example, if you can pay in 2 days, then please say, 2 days."
"We would like to inform you that, your handset has been locked, as you have an outstanding due of, {dueAmount}. We are unlocking your handset, as one time gesture from our end, for next 48 hrs. We have just sent a payment link, kindly make the payment using same immediately. This link will be valid for the next 24 hrs. Could you please confirm that, will you be able to make the payment of the due amount, within this 24 hrs? "
"We would like to inform you that, you have an outstanding amount of, {dueAmount} in addition to your amount of pending EMIs. We have just sent a payment link, kindly make the payment using same immediately. This link will be valid for the next 24 hrs. Could you please confirm that, will you be able to make the payment of the due amount, within this 24 hrs?"
"We would like to inform you that, your till date due amount is, {dueAmount}. We have just sent a payment link, kindly make the payment using same immediately. This link will be valid for the next 24 hrs. Could you please confirm that, will you be able to make the payment of the due amount, within this 24 hrs? "
"Sorry, we will not be able to address this query. For further assistance, we request you to visit the nearest JIO centre. How else can we help you?"
"Dear customer, now you can make payment, using your loan app, or you can use our chat bot service. To use our chat bot service, just visit our website, www dot dmifinance dot in, and click on hello dmi tab. You can also make payment, using any payment gateway, like paytm, etcetera. We will also SMS you the video link about different modes of payment, please watch it. We have also just sent a payment link, using which you can make the payment, which will be valid for the next 24 hrs. How else can we help you?"
"Dear customer, if you want to change your SIM, or your handset is locked, while you were changing your SIM. We request you to kindly follow the procedure. Please remove SIM from slot one, as well as from slot two. Then insert the SIM that you want to register with your account, in slot one, and keep slot two empty for now. You will get an option to update SIM, on your handset screen, please tap on same. Now you will receive an OTP, to register your new SIM. Kindly enter the OTP. Once you enter the OTP, your handset will show a timer for 4 hours. Please note, you will only have access to incoming calls during 4 hours of the lock timer. Your handset will be unlocked, once this timer is completed. Please ensure, your handset is connected to the internet, all this while, else, you might need to repeat this procedure again. How else can we help you?"
